J. Fad ) Uh, summa-lumma, dooma-lumma, you assumin' I'm a human What I gotta do to get it through to you? I'm superhuman Innovative and I'm made of rubber so that anything you say is ricochetin' off of me and it'll glue to you and I'm devastating, more than ever demonstrating How to give a motherfuckin' audience a feeling like it's levitating Never fading, and I know the haters are forever waiting For the day that they can say I fell off, they'll be celebrating 'Cause I know the way to get 'em motivated I make elevating music, you make elevator music "Oh, he's too mainstream." Well, that's what they do when they get jealous, they confuse it "It's not hip-hop, it's pop,"—'cause I found a hella way to fuse it With rock, shock rap with Doc Throw on "Lose Yourself" and make 'em lose it "I don't know how to make songs like that I don't know what words to use." Let me know when it occurs to you While I'm rippin' any one of these verses that versus you It's curtains, I'm inadvertently hurtin' you How many verses I gotta murder to Prove that if you were half as nice, your songs you could sacrifice virgins too?! Ugh, school flunky, pill junkie But look at the accolades these skills brung me Full of myself, but still hungry I bully myself 'cause I make me do what I put my mind to And I'm a million leagues above you Ill when I speak in tongues, but it's still tongue-in-cheek, fuck you I'm drunk, so, Satan, take the fucking wheel I'ma sleep in the front seat Bumpin' Heavy D and the Boyz, still "Chunky but Funky" But in my head there's something I can feel tugging and struggling Angels fight with devils and here's what they want from me They're askin' me to eliminate some of the women hate But if you take into consideration the bitter hatred I have, then you may be a little patient And more sympathetic to the situation And understand the discrimination But fuck it, life's handin' you lemons? Make lemonade then! But if I can't batter the women How the fuck am I supposed to bake 'em a cake then? Don't mistake him for Satan It's a fatal mistake if you think I need to be overseas and take a vacation To trip a broad, and make her fall on her face and Don't be a retard—be a king? Think not Why be a king when you can be a god?